本隐私政策介绍应用的隐私数据相关政策和惯例，这将涵盖我们如何收集、使用、处理、存储和/或披露那些通过移动App收集的关于您的个人信息。请你仔细阅读我们的隐私政策。
一、如何收集您的个人信息
个人信息是可用于唯一地识别或联系某人的数据。
当您使用App，注册用户过程中我们将会收集您的个人信息，如：电子邮件地址、电话号码。为了保护个人隐私，您不应提供除特别要求之外的任何其它信息。
此应用没有注册功能,所以我们不会收集您的个人信息，请放心使用.
二、如何使用您的个人信息
1、通过您的个人信息，向您发送移动App的服务信息。
三、个人信息安全
保证您的个人数据的安全对我们来说至关重要。当您在移动App中输入个人数据时，我们会利用安全套接字层技术 (SSL) 对这些信息进行加密。
在数据传输和数据保管两个阶段里，我们会通过广为接受的行业标准（如防火墙、加密和数据隐私法律要求）来保护您向我们提交的信息。
然而，没有任何一种互联网传输或电子存储方法是100%安全的。因此，尽管我们通过商业上可接受的方式来保护您的个人信息，但仍无法保证信息的绝对安全。
四、本隐私政策的更改
如果决定更改隐私政策，我们会在本政策中、网站中以及我们认为适当的位置发布这些更改，以便您了解我们如何收集、使用您的个人信息，哪些人可以访问这些信息，以及在什么情况下我们会透露这些信息。
我们保留随时修改本政策的权利，因此请经常查看。如对本政策作出重大更改，我们会通过推送消息的形式告知。
五、隐私问题
如果你对隐私政策或数据处理有任何问题或顾虑，请通过邮箱yiminzhan31421@163.com与我们联系。

This Privacy Policy describes the application's privacy data related policies and practices that will cover how we collect, use, process, store and/or disclose personal information about you collected through the Mobile App. Please read our privacy policy carefully.
First, how to collect your personal information
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact someone.
When you use the App, we will collect your personal information such as email address and phone number during the process of registering users. In order to protect your privacy, you should not provide any information other than special requirements.
This app does not have a registration feature, so we will not collect your personal information, please feel free to use it.
Second, how to use your personal information
1. Send your mobile app information to you through your personal information.
Third, personal information security
Keeping your personal data safe is critical to us. When you enter personal data in a mobile app, we encrypt it with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
In both the data transfer and data retention phases, we protect the information you submit to us through widely accepted industry standards such as firewall, encryption, and data privacy legal requirements.
However, no Internet transmission or electronic storage method is 100% secure. Therefore, although we protect your personal information in a commercially acceptable manner, there is no guarantee that the information will be absolutely secure.
Fourth, the changes to this privacy policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes in this policy, on our website, and where we deem appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances. We will disclose this information.
We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check back frequently. If there are major changes to this policy, we will notify you by means of a push message.
Five, privacy issues
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy policy or data processing, please contact us at yiminzhan31421@163.com.
